readme (#3)
v20stepanenko/cinema-app: README.md

# Cinema App Pet Project
#### Describe

> The application allows you to add movies, add new movie sessions and add cinema hall as admin. Register new customers, authorization and buy tickets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application allows you to add movies, movie sessions and cinema halls, if you are admin, also, register new customers, authorization and buy tickets. 
```

### List of endpoints:
##### Without authentication:
```POST: /login``` — login page
```POST: /register``` — registration page

##### For users and admins:
```GET: /cinema-halls``` — show all the cinema halls
```GET: /movies``` — show all movies
```GET: /movie-sessions/available``` — show all available movie sessions
```GET: /orders``` — show all orders by logged user
```POST: /orders/complete``` — complete current order
```PUT: /shopping-carts/movie-sessions``` — add movie session to shopping cart
```GET: /shopping-carts/by-user``` — show shopping cart contents of logged user 

##### For admins:
```GET: /users/by-email``` — find user by email
```POST: /cinema-halls```— add new cinema hall
```POST: /movies```— add new movie
```POST: /movie-sessions```— add new movie session
```PUT: /movie-sessions/{id}```— update movie session by id
```DELETE: /movie-sessions/{id}```— delete movie session by id

#### Technologies::

> 1. Spring (MVC, Security)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Spring (Core, MVC, Security)
```
